I can't believe we have to wait
to be seated.
I'm not in the waiting tax bracket.
Hey! No skipping!
[Joe] Oh. no. no. no. She's not skipping.
See that cute little gold card?
She's an Elite Rewards member.
At old Las Colinas. it was.
"The guest gets what the guest wants."
But now. the guest gets
what the guest qualifies for.
Someone's grumpy.
Well. how else am I supposed to feel?
Hugo bailed on me to go zip-lining.
Julia isn't coming and disappointment
and bad tequila don't mix.
I have an idea. Why don't you tell me
one of your stories from the past?
Ha! I knew you liked my stories.
[grunts] Better than hearing you complain
about the present.
Still taking that as a compliment.
So. it was almost 40 years ago.
and I was working harder than ever.
[in Spanish] Máximo?
Isn't this your day off?
It was. But I thought it might be
fun to spend it at work.
Oh. Okay. See you at dinner.
Actually. I thought it might also
be fun to eat there.
- [in English] Bye!
- Mmm.
[door shuts]
[in Spanish]
We have different ideas of fun.
[Older Máximo. in English] While I was
spending more time at Las Colinas.
Esteban was working with Sara on debate...
"Sara wins tournament"
...and my mom had started to find her groove
now that she had a new passion.
[in Spanish] My love!
I'm going to the store.
Do you want anything?
- No? That's fine.
- Wearing a coat?
Eh? I get cold flashes!
Those exist?
[door shuts]
[Older Máximo. in English]
But she was still too self-conscious
to tell anyone about her new love
of spandex.
Maybe I was working too much.
but I was suddenly feeling threatened
by a new colleague
who seemed to be a real...
[Chad] ♪ Maneater ♪
[Older Máximo] Memo's sister. Dulce.
was making everyone else look bad.
And it was starting to feel like
she knew what she was doing.
[Chad singing Hall & Oates' "Maneater"
in Spanish]
[Older Máximo. in English] More than ever.
I had no time for anything but work.
Máximo. do you have a second?
Absolutely.
Are you okay with me possibly
hiring Chad to work at the dress shop?
I don't see why not.
It looks like Augusto and Adriana
are just about to "promote him".
No. no. I meant because of
the whole. "he's my ex-fiancé" thing.
Oh. I-I guess I didn't think of that.
- Wait. Should I be thinking of that?
- What? No.
That's... That's why I'm bringing it up.
Because you have nothing to worry about.
Okay. then I'm not gonna worry about it.
which I wasn't in the first place.
- [chuckles] All is good.
- I appreciate that.
Some guys would be freaked out by
the two of us spending all day together.
Well. not me. [chuckles]
[Older Máximo] I trusted Julia.
but something about it
made me feel a little bit... Holy crap!
It's Héctor.
Man. he looks good.
H-Here. shield me. Shield me. Shield me.
Máximo? Ay.
I'm so happy to see you.
- You are?
- Yes.
So. you're not angry
about how things ended?
It was the '80s.
They were full of mistakes.
I let all that go to make
more mistakes in the '90s.
How many guests are in your party?
Three. three.
- Well. that's if you'd like to join us.
- Of course.
Okay. Thank you.
Whoops. That's for Elite members only.
- Come with me.
- Unbelievable...
The guest should get what the guest wants.
These are your options.
[Héctor] Mmm.
These poached eggs are delectable.
Mmm. Wow.
[Máximo] I can't believe it. Héctor.
I mean. you look exactly the same.
What's your secret?
Is it infrared masks?
No. no. That is a worthless hoax.
I just have very. very. very. very. very.
very good genes.
- [chuckles]
- Man.
So. what have you guys
been up to since you got here?
Well. he was just telling me
a story about the end of summer in. uh...
- Was it 1985?
- Yeah.
I-It was actually th-the very same day
you fell in the pool.
- Remember. Héctor? [laughs]
- Yes. Yes. I remember.
It was the only time I saw you
without your iconic curls.
It was hilarious.
I-I was explaining to Joe
how Julia and I were having a discussion
about. you know. Chad working at...
[indistinct]
[typing]
[commentator on TV. in Spanish]
Turn down the volume!
I'm trying to write!
"The Pink Castle"
Brother. can't you hear me?
I've told you a million times
to keep the TV down.
What's up?
Am I disturbing your little
"writing routine."
It's not like you ever
let anyone read it.
If you see that the
juice bottle is empty
don't put it back in
the fridge. Please.
That wasn't me!
Okay.
I don't want to fight this morning.
It's a very important day for me.
And for me too!
They're hiring guides at the
Tourism Board
and guess who got an
interview?!
I'm even going to wear
a dress shirt!
By the way. can I
borrow a dress shirt?
I'd let you borrow
my whole wardrobe
if it gets you a job.
I have one in every color!
It just depends how much
chest hair you want to show.
None.
And you'll have to
watch Andrés...
WHAT?! No.
No. I can't just bring
a kid to work!
You'll figure it out.
I know you're intimately
close with the owner. Right?
Not anymore. No.
I'm sorry...
Good morning!
There he is!
Guess what. Andrés!
You're spending the day
with your uncle!
At Las Colinas?
Really?!
Yup.
Today you're coming with me.
Look! I even made you a
snack for the road.
But listen...
If we're late.
we'll miss the bus.
Pick him up right after your interview.
By two at the latest.
Please.
Good luck.
Hey. that's mine. jerk!
[Héctor grunts]
Andrés let's go!
Goodbye dad!
Bye. son! I love you.
We're gonna have to run!
We're late.
Is that what you want
to be when you grow up?
A firefighter?
I wish! But I don't think I can.
And why not?
I'm never going to
be brave enough. And...
I still sleep with my lamp on!
Listen to me.
Let this be the last time
I hear you say you can't do something.
There's plenty of people who'll tell you
your dreams are impossible.
So you can't be your first "no."
Otherwise...
a day will come
when you do want to
chase your dreams
but you'll be thirty
and it might be too
late to catch them.
Do you understand?
Yes. uncle Héctor.
Good.
What is that you're
always writing?
It's a novel. My novel.
I've been working on
it for years and...
it's finally finished.
I'm going to share it
with a hotel guest.
That's cool! Who is it?!
A very influential
book publisher.
You want to be a
firefighter. right?
Well. this is kind
of like that.
And there's this lady who decides
who gets to become a firefighter.
So. I just need five minutes with her
to have her read my writing
and convince her I am
good enough to become...
a firefighter.
Understand?
Maybe I'll be a doctor.
[chuckles]
Being a firefighter sounds complicated.
Look!
This is the Kids Klub.
Wow! Right?
You're going to stay
here for a little while
playing and having fun
with the other kids.
And then
in a few hours
your dad will come and
pick you up.
Okay?
By the way
this place is only for guests.
so we have to play pretend.
Today. your name is Dylan
[in English] And you're from Indianapolis.
Dylan from Indianapolis.
Perfect. [chuckles]
Adios.
[in English] Hey. Memo.
Sorry to disturb your. uh. sunbathing?
Napping?
Anyway. I am ready
to take over my VIP cabana now.
- Remind me. Which cabana?
- Cristela Ramírez.
She comes to Acapulco once a year
and spends her last day at the pool
to enjoy the sun and.
of course. my impeccable service.
Oh. Ramírez. The book publisher.
- Is that what she does? Huh. Weird.
- [both chuckle]
Yeah. well. um. here's the thing.
Since you were late.
I had to give the cabana to Dulce.
What? But I'm the best man for the job.
I know Cristela's favorite lounge chair.
how she only drinks French martinis.
and that she likes
a fresh-out-of-the-dryer towel
to support her neck while she reads.
Okay. that's. like.
a creepy amount of knowledge...
So give it to me then.
A car is taking her
to the airport at 3:30.
After that. you have your way with me.
I'll even clean the hair
out of the pool filters...
for a week.
Fine.
a month.
I mean. I am head pool boy after all.
I can probably get Dulce to say yes.
Absolutely not! Cristela is mine.
But she's a regular of Héctor's.
and he knows just what she likes.
and it's taken him years to learn...
She likes French martinis. the brown
lounge chair with the rattan back
and a warm towel for her neck.
[groans]
Okay. Uh. well. Héctor.
there will be other VIP guests.
Why is this one so important?
You wanna know why?
B-Because she...
This one is a big tipper.
and I'm talking very. very. very.
very. very. very big.
Well. it's not about the money for me.
Cristela is an inspiration.
She built her own business
without letting men dictate her path.
That mentorship. to a girl from
the streets of Acapulco.
[whimpering] it's priceless.
Wow. I don't know about you.
but I am so moved.
Look at her now.
All I see is a girl trying
to break the glass ceiling.
I can't believe this.
- It's blatant nepotism.
- Hey.
I don't know what that is.
but I assure you that it is not.
I'm sorry. Héctor.
but clearly this means more to Dulce.
I'm letting her keep the cabana.
[gasps] You're the best brother ever.
A boss! You mean boss.
[no audible dialogue]
I would never...
What's that word where
you do special favors for family members?
[babbles. giggling]
Ms. Ramírez!
Ah! There you are.
Dulce just took one of my VIPs
and Memo won't do anything about it.
How can someone just swoop in
on my turf like that?
I'm starting to ask myself the same thing.
[Julia laughing]
[Chad muttering]
Máximo.
Máximo!
Have you noticed anything off about Dulce?
Yes. I thought
I was the only one who saw it.
It's like she's that cartoon frog
that dances with a top hat
when you aren't looking.
But when you look at it. boom!
It's just a frog.
We didn't have that in Spain.
But you will kick her off of my cabana?
- What? No. I...
- [sighing]
I can't go over Memo's head at the pool.
But Dulce's an opportunist.
The pool is only the beginning. eh.
At this rate.
she'll come for your job next.
Look. I can't make her
give you the cabana. but...
Okay. here she comes. Let's go.
No way.
I'm already taking care of two guests...
Héctor. I'm your boss.
This is an incredibly important guest
and there's no one else available.
Dial it down. dial it down.
[in English] I need you to take this
to the ambassador suite. or else.
But it's on the other side of the hotel.
Well. this very important guest pays
triple whatever you can get here.
- How enticing is that?
- Triple?
I can take that off your hands.
Oh. well. Dulce. you don't have to.
This is Héctor's responsibility.
You're already taking care of a
treasured VIP and I would never want to...
Oh. it's fine. Héctor can have her.
Are you sure?
I know you wanted to be inspired
by Cristela.
I was already inspired by her wallet.
Wow. Well. thank you so much. Dulce.
- Yes. Thank you.
- You really are a team player.
Always happy to help. [chuckling]
- Go team!
- [Dulce] Yeah. Go team!
She's going to be very mad when she
realizes there's no ambassador suite.
I hope whatever cash Cristela has left
is worth it.
Trust me. It's worth it.
[Adriana] Will the parents
of Dylan from Indianapolis
please report
to the Kids Klub immediately.
[Augusto] Kids Klub has been
closed over an hour.
You have five minutes before
we send him to lost and found.
- Hey. Ximena.
- Hey. Héctor.
I can take the lamb to his parents.
I saw them in the lobby.
Sure. He's over there. Poor kid.
So neglected.
He can barely pronounce his own hometown.
[Héctor] Mmm. Hey. Dylan!
Let's go find your folks.
[in Spanish] Are we still playing pretend?
Yes. And now. we are gonna
play hide and seek
and we're gonna find your dad.
[in English] Héctor.
I demand an explanation.
I'm so sorry. Diane.
I know the staff is not...
Who is this adorable little guy?
I'm Dylan from Indianapolis.
And how old are you?
He was the last child left
at Kids Klub after it closed.
I just thought I would reunite him
with his parents.
How lovely. I think I like this side
of you. Héctor. It's very sweet.
Well. I should start getting ready.
Alejandro Vera's coming to pick me up
in his helicopter
for a flyover tour of the resort.
Oh. for. uh. work purposes?
Ostensibly.
Although he did mention Prosecco.
Man knows my weakness.
- Bye. cutie-pie.
- [both] Bye.
[chuckles]
[in Spanish] You like her!
Keep walking!
[in English] I mean. I definitely like
to think I inspired some of the designs.
Hey. Héctor. You all right?
You look freaked.
I've never seen you break a sweat before.
Of course I sweat. Chad!
- Geez. What's wrong?
- [sighs]
And who is this?
I'm Dylan from Indianapolis.
- Wow!
- He's my nephew.
He was only supposed
to be here for a while.
but now his father is late
and nowhere to be found.
I didn't know you had family
in Indianapolis.
No! His name is Andrés.
I kinda take care of him.
Look. it's complicated.
I wish I could explain. but a certain
VIP is headed to the airport any minute.
and I need to go back to her cabana.
but I can't because I have a kid
attached to my hip.
Well. you could just leave
him with me and I'll keep an eye on him.
- Really? You'd do that?
- Yeah.
[sighs]
Thank you so much.
[in Spanish] I'll be right back.
I have a fire to fight.
[imitates water spraying]
[chuckles]
[in English] Sparkling or still?
[server] Sir?
Sir?
Sparkling or still?
Sorry. Uh. Sparkling. please. Yes.
I'll have the same.
Oh. this is only for elite members.
Hey. hey. hey! Take it... Take it easy.
It's okay.
Thanks. Joe.
You just saved that guy's life.
[Joe] Mm-hmm.
- Mmm. How thoughtful.
- Salud.
Héctor.
you had just given my girlfriend and
her ex a literal child to take care of.
- Yes. it was...
- Hold on a second. Whose kid was it?
I have no idea.
But the way I remember it.
it sure felt like it was Julia and Chad's.
[Andrés speaks Spanish]
Aren't they adorable? Who'd have thought
Chad would be good with kids?
- Not me.
- [Julia] Right?
After his trip.
he just came back a changed man.
He fixed all the things
that used to frustrate me about him.
That's so great for Chad. [chuckles]
And for you apparently.
It's like he's finally the perfect guy.
- Yay.
- Hey.
You said you were fine
with Chad working here.
Is everything okay?
It's great! Perfect.
Just like the three of you.
What a perfect family. Have a nice day.
[no audible dialogue]
You see. this is why Julia left you.
What? [scoffs]
All I said was. "Have a nice day."
Okay. Did you say. "Have a nice day?"
or "Have a nice day?"
You just said the same thing twice.
You should've told her
how you actually felt.
Wow.
So now you're an expert on the ladies.
Okay. don't do that.
- You don't know me like that.
- Okay.
[Joe] I have a lot of...
[in Spanish] Ms. Ramírez...
you don't want to
stay a little longer?
There's my usual guy.
You abandoned me today.
And on my last visit
to Las Colinas.
Forgive me. It was not
by design. believe me.
Wait. Did you say this
was your last visit here?
My husband and I just bought
a timeshare in Cancún.
I'll miss this place
but I should get going.
Well. before you go. please...
I just want to say I'm a huge fan
of all the work you publish.
I've seen you change
the lives of
many many
many emerging writers
right from this cabana!
Making their stories travel
from their...
tiny apartments to
the world and...
Okay. okay. okay!
You buttered me up plenty.
What can I do for you?
I just wanted to ask
If you would... If you would...
- [brother] Leave me alone!
I'm looking for my son!
- Don't touch me.
- Oh.
[brother] What is your problem!
I'm so sorry.
I'll be right back.
[brother] Watch it jerk!
[in English] Tell me what room you're in.
I'll help you.
[in Spanish] I don't need help.
Yes. yes I get it. No judgment.
You give me three beers
and I start doing the
Thriller dance...
Memo. I can take it from here.
Hey.
"Memo. I can take it from here..."
What the hell are you doing?!
- Um... picking up my son?
- Well. you're late.
[sniffs] And drunk.
Did you even go to your interview?!
Of course!
But there were a bunch
of teenagers there
interviewing for the same job!
Do you know how
embarrassing that is?!
And It doesn't embarrass
you to be unemployed?
I've tried!
But they kept asking
all these questions!
Like "why do you have
such a big gap in your resume?"
Because I'm raising a
child by myself!
"By yourself?!" And I
can just screw off. right?
- [sighs]
- I've been carrying you for years!
Carrying us!
Why do you think I
came to México?
To help you.
And everything you do
makes my life harder.
Oh. how poetic.
Is this going in one
of your little stories?
They're not little stories!
You have no idea
what I'm writing.
I don't care.
Let me take Andrés
and I'll be gone.
- This place is too pink.
- Wait.
I'm not letting you
take Andrés like this.
Let him stay with me.
He's safer here.
Move.
[Julia. in English] Just admit it.
You're jealous. I caught you.
[Máximo] Caught me doing what?
Reading a newspaper in a breezeway?
That's not a crime.
These are crimes.
Héctor?
What happened?
These twins were drowning in the pool.
Of course. I tried to save the hotter one.
but then the other twin started
to give her mouth-to-mouth.
which made her the hotter of the twins.
So I ended up saving both.
Now they have a double date
with Héctor the Twin Resurrector.
[Héctor laughs]
[both laughing]
I told you he was funny.
Yes. a real laugh riot.
Julia and I needed that laugh
to snap out of our argument and...
and be honest with each other.
Máximo. what's going on with you?
I thought you trusted me.
Is this the guy you really are?
No.
But when I saw you and Chad bonding.
laughing together. having inside jokes.
it freaked me out.
Amor. but we moved past all of that.
Now I'm with you and it's one
of the best decisions I've ever made.
So you and Chad are not gonna
raise that random kid together?
If I'm gonna raise a random kid
with someone. it's gonna be with you.
Hey. guys. just a thought. Um.
Maybe you were feeling jealous
because Julia and I are spending
so much time together.
Uh. and since you're both
super busy with your careers.
maybe you're substituting a sadness
for lack of quality time
together with frustration.
Or not. I don't know.
I've been wrong before.
I'm gonna go jam on the pan.
[in Spanish] Chad has changed.
And you're both right.
We've just gotten so
busy being
Acapulco's newest
"power couple"
that we haven't had
a lot of time for each other.
Damn our success!
Well. your shop's doing great
and I've got my job
down pat.
I have a feeling
that things are about
to settle down...
[Diane] Máximo!
[in English] Where have you
been keeping this one?
[in Spanish] Maybe I spoke too soon.
[in English] Dulce is the sweetest.
And not just because her name means
sweet in Spanish. which I now know.
- [both laugh]
- Dulce.
She showed up at my office
with a tray of treats and pitched me...
Well. pitch it yourself.
I thought we should add a new suite called
"The Ambassador's Suite"
since everyone knows we don't have one.
Genius. right?
Bye. bye.
[Older Máximo] Dulce was good.
Anyone could've seen through her plan.
but she turned it into a win with Diane.
I don't like to use this word often.
but Memo's sister was
turning out to be a real...
So sorry to interrupt. but I just had to
come over and say I'm. like. a huge fan.
Oh. that's very sweet.
Um. can we take a photo?
Uh. sure. sure. Um. I get this a lot.
Are we doing a selfie.
or you want one just of me?
Sorry. Not you.
But you can take one of me and Mr. Aguirre
if you want.
[giggles]
[breathes heavily]
Sir. your books changed my life.
- Thank you.
- [giggles]
[shutter clicks]
Thank you so much for reading them. Truly.
[friends gasping]
Thank you.
I have a small
but rabid fan base of readers.
People love a steamy fantasy romance.
You should read the fanfic they write.
It's so. so. so graphic even for me. eh.
[chuckles]
I had no idea.
Honestly.
I would never peg you as a writer.
You were always more of a Latin lover.
I never really saw myself
as this suave ladies' man.
I was just an attentive and caring server.
[sighs]
Okay. Maybe a little suave.
But very. very. very. very little. Eh?
Maybe your stories don't always
paint the entire picture. huh. boss?
I mean.
you are clearly an unreliable narrator.
You thought that Chad
and Julia were getting back together.
And that Héctor was just a pool boy.
[laughing]
Oh. you're right. you're right.
I guess the world doesn't just revolve
around me.
Hmm. Weird.
- I'm off to get Hugo. Nice meeting you.
- Ah.
So. Héctor. did you always
know you were gonna be a writer?
I definitely had some doubts.
But sometimes. it just takes one person
to give you that extra push.
[in Spanish] Did the lady decide to
make you a "firefighter"?
Unfortunately. no.
[sighs]
That's a shame.
Come on. Let's go.
It's late.
[kisses]
Can you read me a story?
Oh. Andrés.
you want to hear the one about
the teddy bear in
the toy store again?
It's very sad.
What if you read one of yours?
Yeah. Okay.
Why not.
It's called "The Pink Castle".
The clouds part
to make way for a
towering pink Castle
protected by a powerful cavalry.
Danger lurks outside
the Castle walls!
But for one brave
Andalusian Knight
whose curly locks were
the envy of the kingdom.
the real risk wasn't
spears and swords.
it was love.
His secret love.
For the alluring. sensual.
captivating golden
blonde Queen named...
Hmm.
Wait. I think I'm
missing a page.